END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
(ATMEL WIRELESS MCU DEVELOPMENT KIT)

You ("Customer" or "You") must read this License Agreement (this "Agreement")
carefully and thoroughly before downloading, installing, and/or using any
software or content ("Software") provided herewith.

BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING AND/OR USING ANY SOFTWARE OR CONTENT, YOU ARE
CONFIRMING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE
TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEN DO NOT DOWNLOAD,
INSTALL/COMPLETE INSTALLATION OF, OR USE THE SOFTWARE OR CONTENT.


1.  Grant of License.
Atmel grants Customer a non-exclusive, nontransferable, limited license: (a) to
internally use the Software as a development platform solely in connection with
an Atmel wireless microcontroller product, and (b) to make one copy of the
Software solely for backup purposes. Customer shall (a) not use the Software
for any purpose other than as specifically authorized herein, and (b) take all
necessary steps to protect the Software against disclosure to third parties.
Customer must attach this License Agreement to the backup copy which remains
the sole property of Atmel.

2.  Title.
As between the parties, Atmel or Atmel's licensor retains full rights, title,
and ownership including all patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trade names,
trademarks, and other intellectual property rights in and to the Software.
Customer agrees to take all reasonable steps to prevent unauthorized disclosure
of the Software.

3.  No Other Rights.
Except as expressly stated herein, this Agreement does not grant Customer any
rights to patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trade names, trademarks (whether
registered or unregistered), or any other rights, franchises, or licenses in
respect of the Software.  Customer will not, and will have no right to, (a) use,
copy, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, sell, distribute, disclose
or otherwise exploit any Software, except as expressly set forth in Section 1,
or (b) decompile or otherwise reverse engineer any Software, or otherwise derive
or attempt to derive the source code of, or any processes, techniques, methods,
specifications, protocols, algorithms, interfaces, data structures, or other
information embodied or used in, any such Software. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, Customer will not, and will have no right to, make
any Software available for execution on or other use with any semiconductor
products that are not Atmel wireless microcontroller product.

4.  Warranty Disclaimer.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED TO CUSTOMER "AS IS" AND
"WITH ALL FAULTS." ATMEL DOES NOT MAKE, AND ATMEL HEREBY DISCLAIMS, ANY
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND (WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY
OR OTHERWISE) IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR ANY OTHER ASPECT OF THIS
AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT
OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, AND ANY WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING,
COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE.  ATMEL WILL HAVE NO OBLIGATION UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT TO CORRECT ANY BUGS, DEFECTS OR ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE, PROVIDE
ANY UPDATES, UPGRADES OR NEW RELEASES OF THE SOFTWARE, OR OTHERWISE PROVIDE ANY
TECHNICAL SUPPORT OR MAINTENANCE FOR THE SOFTWARE.

5.  Notice and Protection.
Customer will not remove, obscure or alter any trademark, copyright or other
proprietary rights and ownership notices of Atmel or any of its licensors that
appear in any Software, and Customer will reproduce all such trademarks and
proprietary rights and ownership notices on all copies of Software made by
Customer.

6.  Compliance with Laws/Export.
Customer will comply with the laws and regulations of the United States and all
other relevant jurisdictions in connection with its activities related to the
Software. Without limitation of the foregoing, Customer acknowledges that
certain laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions may
pertain to the export and re-export of the Software, and Customer will not
export or re-export any Software in any form without the appropriate
governmental approvals, or otherwise in violation of any such laws or
regulations.

7.  Termination.
Either Atmel or Customer may terminate this license at any time.  The license
will automatically terminate if Customer fails to comply with any of the terms
and conditions of the license.  Upon termination for any reason, Customer will
immediately destroy or return to Atmel the Software, including all
documentation and all whole or partial copies of the Software.

8.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL ATMEL BE LIABLE TO
CUSTOMER OR ANY THIRD PARTY (WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT,
NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OTHER TORT THEORY, CONTRIBUTION, BREACH OF
WARRANTY, OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY) FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES FOR
LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OR INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, OR LOSS OF DATA, ARISING OUT
OF OR RELATING TO THE SOFTWARE OR ANY OTHER ASPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF
ATMEL HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL ATMEL'S TOTAL
LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SOFTWARE OR ANY OTHER ASPECT OF THIS
AGREEMENT (WHETHER UNDER CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, CONTRIBUTION,
BREACH OF WARRANTY, OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY) EXCEED THE GREATER OF
(A) THE AGGREGATE OF ALL LICENSE FEES PAID BY CUSTOMER TO ATMEL FOR THE SOFTWARE
AND (B) FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($500). WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, AND
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY PROVISION HEREIN TO THE CONTRARY, ATMEL WILL NOT BE LIABLE
FOR ANY COSTS OF PROCURING SUBSTITUTE GOODS, SERVICES OR TECHNOLOGY UNDER ANY
CIRCUMSTANCES.

9.  General.
This Agreement and all transactions concluded hereunder shall be governed by
the laws of the State of California, as such laws are applied to contracts
entered into and performed entirely in California by California residents.  Any
litigation relating to this Agreement shall be subject to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the state courts located in Santa Clara County, California, or
the federal courts located in the Northern District of California.  If any
provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
that provision shall be construed in such a manner that it becomes valid and
enforceable and so as to reflect most closely the intent of the parties in
agreeing upon the provision in the first place, and the remaining provisions of
this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect and shall not in any way
be affected or impaired by any such determination of invalidity, illegality or
unenforceability.

THIS AGREEMENT IS THE ENTIRE AND EXCLUSIVE AGREEMENT BETWEEN ATMEL AND CUSTOMER
AND SUPERSEDES ALL PRIOR ORAL AND WRITTEN AGREEMENTS AND COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN
THE PARTIES PERTAINING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT.  NO DIFFERENT
OR ADDITIONAL TERMS WILL BE ENFORCEABLE AGAINST ATMEL UNLESS ATMEL GIVES ITS
EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT, INCLUDING AN EXPRESS WAIVER OF THE TERMS OF THIS
AGREEMENT.


Atmel Corporation
2325 Orchard Parkway
San Jose, CA 95131
http://www.atmel.com


